THere are a lot of thins ML can do. Here are two typical business applications

1. Identify the trend

a. Given data, find out the trend among the data.
for example, given the historical housing price in boston market, learn the housing price trend
b. Given the trend learned and the goal of the trend in the business, find out how long it will take to reach the goal
for example, given the clinial study time frame, current subject enrolled and 
the number of subjects required for the study, learn how long it will take to reach the full enrollment.

Identifying the trend, setting the goal and monitoring the goal is the common business
practice to ensure the business is on the right track.


2. Classification(might introduce bias from the learning algorithm)

    Binary Classification: just two class labels. yes or no(true or false)
    Multi-Class Classification: more than two class labels
    for example, face recognition. The classfied belong to one among a range of known class

    Multi-Label Classification:refers to those classification tasks that have two or more class labels, 
    where one or more class labels may be predicted for each example.

    Consider the example of photo classification, where a given photo may have multiple objects 
    in the scene and a model may predict the presence of multiple known objects in the photo, such as “bicycle,” “apple,” “person,” etc.


    the classified may have multiple class label. For example, an appled identified is labeled 
    as apple and fruit 

    Imbalanced Classification
    refers to classification tasks where the number of examples in each class is unequally distributed.

    Typically, imbalanced classification tasks are binary classification tasks where the majority of examples in the training dataset belong to the normal class and a minority of examples belong to the abnormal class.

    Examples include:

        Fraud detection.
        Outlier detection.
        Medical diagnostic tests.

